Nope.
If it weren't for you
I'm sure I'm doomed tonight
Is your ex-boyfriend still making things difficult for you?
Yeah, but I can fix this in a minute.
Start a new life
Hmm
How about you? Did you find your sister?
Well, it's not what was expected, though
But things are going in the right direction.
Hmm, that's fine.
You saved my life three times before that
I have nothing to repay
This is the bracelet I grew up wearing.
Just give it to your sister.
Hope he likes it.
Thanks.
Good luck getting rid of scum
Restart a new life
Excuse me?
I have some work to attend to
I can't accompany you. It doesn't matter if you are discharged from the hospital.
Go to work
I've been here all these years by myself.
Can take care of yourself
I'll ask my brother to accompany you later.
He is the hottest star in the country today
You little girls will love him
As a reward for the gift you gave my sister
You rest first
You'll see him when you wake up